Previously on
Beauty & the Beast...
You had Windsor's heart
in your hand.
Why would someone want
a gem that controls beasts?
He is a beast
and he always will be.
He is not gonna change.
He has already changed.
Don't be so naive, Catherine.
I won't let
him hurt you.
I love you, Catherine.
I love you, too.
We're looking
for Vincent Keller.
You're under arrest.
For what?
The murder of Curt Windsor.
I think there's been a mistake.
Vincent.
Don't worry.
I'll be fine.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Wait, Detective!
I know you have
a warrant,
but there are
extenuating circumstances.
He can't be taken in.
He doesn't have a choice.
He didn't do this.
Tori Windsor's
kidnappers--
they killed Windsor.
We have new evidence
that says otherwise.
What? Like... What do you have?
Catherine, I'm fine. Okay?
Okay, but it's the weekend,
and the courts aren't open till Monday,
which means you'll be locked
in... I was talking to him.
I think you need
to calm down.
Calm down?
- Wait, Catherine.
Catherine.
What?
- The gem.
The gem.
Get me the gem.
Oh, my God, the gem.
Where is it?
It's your partner.
She's calling you?
She doesn't know
that I'm here, does she?
Well, I posted that photo of
you in my bed on Instagram,
but... I'm not
gonna say anything.
It was one night. It's
not like we're a couple.
Besides, she's probably
calling to gush
about her sex life,
not ask about mine.
Hello.
JT, the gem that keeps Vincent
from beasting out,
where is it?
Why? You want to...
control the beast
in the bedroom?
No, he's been arrested
for Curt Windsor's murder.
What?
Yeah. And I-I think
- What happened?
- that-that Gabe turned him in.
Vincent's been arrested
for murder
and Gabe turned him in?
I broke up with him last night
to be with Vincent, and now...
You broke up last night?
Can you stop repeating
everything?
Vincent needs the gem.
Where is it?
I have no idea.
Think about
where he might have hidden it.
In the meantime, I'm gonna try
and intercept his lab work.
What lab work?
They're booking him,
which means they're gonna
check his DNA.
DNA?
He'll be exposed.
I know.
Just worry about the gem.
I got to go.
Excuse me. Excuse me. I'm sorry.
Police business.
Hi. Detective
Chandler.
I-I have
a perp in back.
Badge?
- Right. Um...
Okay, I know that I had it.
Um...
Oh, my God.
I must've... Okay, I know
I don't look the part right now,
but I had an emergency
this morning. I'm stationed
at the 125th. I need
to get into Intake.
Sorry, lady, no badge, no budge.
Can I help
you, ma'am?
This is Lowan.
You son of a bitch.
You got the wrong number.
No, I don't have
the wrong number, Gabe.
We're supposed
to be looking for the gem.
It's not here. He buried it
somewhere. I never trusted you,
but even I can't believe
you'd stoop this low.
Wait, what are you talking about?
It's Cat.
Oh, please, don't
play dumb with me.
Shh, she doesn't know I'm here.
Hey, what's going on?
Long story. I'm at the 95th
and I can't find my badge.
And since you're, like,
five minutes away,
can you come down here
and vouch for me?
If anything happens
to him in there, it is on you.
Happens to who?
They took him to the 95th?
Yeah, and I got to get him out
before... Wait, you heard?
Uh, yeah, JT texted me,
but I'm-I'm not at home.
I'm at the gym.
You don't get your ass to the 95th,
Who is that?
wave your magic ADA wand
Just a crazy trainer in the background.
and undo this ASAP,
you're gonna have
to answer to me.
That's even better.
Isn't your gym
around the corner?
Actually, I changed gyms.
I'd ask the detective
who arrested Vincent
to vouch for me,
but he doesn't want me here.
He almost arrested me.
So what are you gonna do when
you get in there, wear a mask?
Yeah, you're right.
I am in my pajamas.
Okay, I've got an idea. Bring me
my old uniform or yours
as soon as you can.
- I got to get to the 95th.
- I'm coming.
Oh, we're gonna go together?
You're seriously
asking me that now?
No, I...
Just drop me off a block away.
Left.
Right. Forward.
Strip.
Everything off. Put it in here.
Aren't you that war hero?
Yeah.
How the mighty fall.
Everything off. Now.
Uh, excuse me.
Can you buzz me in?
I want to go use the restroom.
It's the other way.
That one's occupied.
I was hoping to use
the women's locker room.
That one's
for officers.
With badges.
Okay. Okay, fine. How about...
you FaceTime with my partner,
she'll show you her badge
and she can confirm my identity.
I got a potential 10-50
out here who's armed.
No, I-I'm not a 10-50.
I'm not a psych patient,
and this, this is
an NYPD-registered weapon.
Need restraints
and backup.
Bend over.
Look, I don't have anything
on me, okay?
Just put your hands
on your head.
Turn around.
It's at a press conference,
125th.
As you can see,
my name is underneath,
Detective Chandler.
This her?
Yes, Detective
Chandler.
See what I mean?
All right, let's go.
What is going on here?
She's a detective.
Gabe, I need
to get back there.
ADA Lowan.
Let her back now.
Excuse me.
What's going on now?
Just gonna draw some blood, do DNA.
- DNA? No.
I'm afraid of needles.
It's not gonna hurt.
I have a very serious phobia.
I can't.
How is this not clear yet, okay?
Nothing in here is optional.
Give her your arm.
No!
- I need backup. Now!
♪ Beauty and the Beast 2x17 ♪
Beast Is the New Black
Original Air Date on June 2, 2014
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Cat?
What?
What are you doing?
Changing.
So you think I did this, too?
Doesn't matter  what I think.
It matters to me.
I would never do something
like this-- it's not
who I am or how I operate.
Yeah, just that
last night you said
you'd do anything to protect me
from Vincent
and now he's incarcerated.
Yes, the timing is coincidental,
and I do think you're making
a big mistake going back to him,
but I don't want to win you back
like this. I want to do it
on an even playing field.
Are we really having
a relationship talk right now?
Look, I just need you to know
that this wasn't me.
And will do whatever I can
to prove it to you.
Can you get the charges dropped?
I have to go to Intake.
Okay, we're gonna
take him on three.
- Three!
- Hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
- He's good.
- The hell you doing?
Flannery sent me. I'm good
at talking prisoners down.
Sir, I know this can be scary,
but it won't hurt.
And, when the tests are done,
I will personally
carry the samples to the lab,
easy peasy.
Mr. Keller, is it?
Yeah.
Would you like to take a seat
over there?
You can come back.
Close.
Let's just do
a little visualization.
Talk about what makes you
feel calm. Is it...
the sound of the ocean,
a sunset, a special gem?
Just tell me where it is
in your mind.
Is it
on a tropical island?
A houseboat? A dungeon?
My bliss is not
in a dungeon.
And even if I told someone where
it was, it's not like they could
get it for me.
- She's not actually
gonna bring you your bliss,
dumb-ass.
They could get
in a lot of trouble.
Yeah, but you could get in
even more trouble if you don't
stay calm, which isn't easy
to do in here.
Well, he can
refrain from sharing.
No more needles.
- Scary part's over.
- No, it's not.
I'm not gonna stop asking
until you tell me and that could
get me in trouble.
Open up.
Your brother's headstone?
I'm very intuitive.
I will take those
to the lab.
Thank you.
- Open.
Hey, it's Lowan.
Listen, rumor has it
that you're running point
on the Vincent Keller case.
Gabe, where's Cat?
Call me back
as soon as you can.
And why do you
have her clothes?
Hey.
Where's JT?
- I don't know.
Why would I know?
Is he okay?
He's freaking out, but...
I think he's talking about Vincent.
Sorry. I took a cab.
They dropped me off blocks away
for some stupid reason.
You still have your morgue credentials?
- Yeah, but, uh,
we haven't found the gem yet.
- I know where it is.
Tess and I will
go get it.
I need you to swap out
these samples,
get him some normal bloodwork
and DNA.
What's going on
with the charges?
I left word for
the ADA on the case.
Playing both sides? Nice.
I didn't do this.
Gabe didn't do this.
Really? Is that what he told you?
JT...
If it wasn't him, who was it?
Pointing fingers doesn't help.
No, but dropping me off a block away
so no one knows
we slept together does?
Um....
I'm gonna draw my own blood.
Sorry I didn't say
anything on the phone.
It just felt a little off-topic.
No, it's okay.
Vincent didn't tell me
which brother, so I guess
we each take one and start
shoveling around the base.
Just so you know,
it was only two times.
Us, sleeping together.
I'm not judging.
Just keep shoveling.
So what's the plan? I mean,
say we find this thing.
We're finding it.
And then what, he'll wear
a necklace in jail? I mean...
We'll take it off the chain.
And then what? Sew it
into his jumpsuit?
You know, they make 'em change every day.
Prisoners have contraband
all the time. I'm sure
we can figure out some way
for him to hide one little gem.
It's not that little.
Can you please stop?
I get you and JT
are having issues,
but this is
worst-case scenario.
There is no room for doubt.
I wasn't doubting...
He could lose
control, be outed,
he could kill somebody.
Okay, we'll get him the gem.
We'll say
it's for religious beliefs.
They can't argue with religion.
Okay, even if we do,
there are gonna be depositions,
trials, talking to lawyers.
Gabe'll get you a great lawyer.
Yeah, well, he better
because Vincent did this.
He killed Curt Windsor.
He ripped his heart out.
He could get a life sentence.
I don't know if he
could survive that.
I don't know if I could.
You know, we finally just found
our way back to each other, and now...
And now you're both
incredibly strong.
You can survive anything.
And yeah, you just
got back together, but...
you're not some fragile
newbie couple, you're epic.
And I'm sorry, you know, this...
this wasn't about
my issues with JT,
it's just that he and my
best friend would be devastated
if anything ever
happened to Vincent,
a-and I don't know
how to help.
Look, I think that
you already did.
There's something in there.
Oh, my God.
What is that?
Money, cell
phone, passport, gem.
It's even smaller
than I remember.
It's Gabe.
Hey, what's going on?
They have pictures of Vincent
dumping Windsor's body.
They were sent
anonymously
to the DA's office. You
remember his body was
found in a alley?
Vincent obviously
moved the body from JT's.
You know, these don't
actually prove anything.
It's not of the murder.
We could argue
Vincent was being
a Good Samaritan.
He found a mortally
injured Windsor,
and he tried to help.
But he couldn't come forward
because he had amnesia
at the time.
He was suffering
with PTSD.
He couldn't report it.
You really could've
been a lawyer.
And then we could
bolster our theory with
he was a war hero,
he saved Windsor's daughter
Tori from kidnapping.
Cat.
Okay, maybe we
don't mention Tori.
They found Windsor's
heart in Vincent's fridge.
What?
They used the photos
to obtain a warrant,
they searched his boat last night.
Okay, but Windsor's heart
wasn't in Vincent's fridge
or anywhere on his boat.
So what, someone put it there?
Someone is setting him up.
Well, where did they get the heart?
I don't know. But you,
me and Tori were the only ones
who were there when he
killed him. And Tori's dead.
Whoa,
for the record, I have not
been holding onto organs
in case you and Vincent
get back together.
No, you're right.
But he had a handler
at the time, who would.
A heart in his fridge?
Well how would I manage
that from in jail?
By paying someone off,
like you always do.
Oh, you give me way
too much credit.
I don't think so, Dad.
I was here
a couple weeks ago,
I told you I was working with
Vincent and you were
concerned for my safety.
You were being a protective
father, that's all.
Why don't you just admit it,
and we can move on.
All right.
'Cause then you'd
have my confession
recorded on your cell phone?
I will admit to one thing.
I'm very happy that Vincent's
finally where he belongs.
In a cage.
You'll never
get away with this.
You can fight it all you
want, but you and Vincent,
it's over.
- No, it's not.
No matter what happens,
No matter where we are,
we will survive.
Well,
we'll see about that,
because he's about to go
away for a long, long time.
Hey, pretty boy.
Keller. Let's go.
Hi, I'm Dr. Forbes.
In the chair.
Hello, Dr. Forbes.
There were some issues
with your last blood draw,
so we got to redo it.
And since I hear
you've got a little
needle anxiety,
just want to be on
the safe side.
Hey. You Miller?
Yeah.
Vargas from IA.
Need to talk to you about
that strip search case.
Sounds like you need
to take care of that,
but, uh, we're good
here, aren't we?
Yeah, we're good.
What the hell is going on?
- We're gonna stick
this under your bandage.
She found it.
Wait, what bandage?
From the blood draw.
And I've got
new blood samples
to swap in. You're
an Ashkenazi Jew, but...
Are you out of your
mind? You used yours?
JT, they're gonna run it
through the criminal database,
your DNA is gonna be on file now.
- So?
I'm not planning on
getting arrested, too.
So, this could
get you arrested.
Then they're gonna
cross-reference,
and figure out that now
you've been charged
with murder.
And you got Tess in on it as well?
- Actually,
Cat has Tess in on this,
she'll barely be seen with me.
But don't worry,
the, uh, strip search
investigation
she's following up on
is totally legit.
Tess is not IA, okay?
This is completely
illegal. You...
You're taking so many risks.
Left and right.
We're here for you, buddy.
No,
No, no more, okay?
This is it.
- Please,
there's still
a boatload to do,
and Cat's on top of it.
She's even got Gabe
going through evidence from
the opposing side with her.
Okay, again, totally illegal.
What are they gonna
do with it, shred it?
Come on man,
let's face it,
I killed the guy.
- Shh.
In your apartment.
Look, this thing goes to trial,
they reopen the case.
They investigate.
They'll find out
where it happened,
they'll find out that
Catherine has covered
everything up.
What are you saying?
That I can't let that happen.
Hey, JT get the gem?
He did.
Oh, you guys are together.
Uh, not like that.
Uh, I put those blues
back in the locker.
And I swapped out the labs.
Great, I'm heading to the
houseboat to dust for prints.
I think my father
paid someone off
to put Windsor's heart
in Vincent's fridge.
Yeah.
Wait, what?
That's who's behind this,
not Gabe.
So if you can hack
into Reynolds' financials,
see if there are
any recent withdrawals.
If we can prove
this was a frame job,
the evidence
will be inadmissible.
Great, but we only have
about 36 hours.
What's in 36 hours?
The arraignment.
I think Vincent's
gonna plead guilty.
No, you're not.
Catherine,
I am not dragging you all
into some drawn out trial.
I talked to JT.
First of all, there doesn't
even have to be a trial
if we can
get the charges dropped.
Second, I thought you
were done protecting me.
I am sick of all the men
in my life doing that.
You realize that's why
you're in here, right?
Because my father
planted evidence in order
to protect me from you,
which brings me to third,
if you plead
guilty, he wins.
No, if I plead guilty,
I get a shorter sentence.
They'll still keep you
in here for 20, 25 years.
I like older women.
Vincent.
Look, I can't ask you
to wait, okay,
but for me, nothing changes.
Catherine, I love you.
And I love you, too, but...
But what,
you're worried that...
You don't think
we'll survive this, huh?
I didn't say that.
Look, I know that you don't want
to be protected,
but you also made
it very clear
that you need to move forward
with your life,
and risking everything
for me,
sacrificing everything for me
is not moving forward.
You're just... you're gonna
end up resenting me.
What about you,
locked up in there
all that time?
I will be fine, okay?
I have the gem.
I'll get out
on good behavior.
Good behavior?
You're really gonna do this.
Fine.
I'm telling the DA
that I was a witness,
that this was self-defense.
Come on, no, you cannot do that.
That is admitting
to a cover up.
You'll face
criminal charges.
One good thing
about you being in there
is that you can't stop me.
And I love you,
no but.
Yeah!
Wait, you want to come forward
about everything everything?
No, not about beasts,
just about my part,
that I was a witness,
it was self-defense.
Vincent was arrested
in your apartment.
It is not a huge leap
to you two are together.
The prosecution is gonna argue
that you are fabricating
some story
to protect your boyfriend.
But I didn't,
and you know that.
You were there.
Look, don't look at me
like that.
Like what?
Like you want me to corroborate.
What? No.
They will point out
that we were together, too.
Although,
wouldn't that be helpful?
Why would Vincent's rival
come to his defense
unless it was the truth?
I could lose my job.
Wait, I'm not asking you to.
You could, too.
Maybe,
but I could say that
I didn't come forward earlier
because I was protecting Tori
from finding out
that her father
was a lunatic, or...
You're looking at me again.
It's just...
Gabe, it's the truth.
And we took an oath
that we have broken a lot,
and this could be our chance
to do the right thing.
Okay, forget that I asked.
I just came here to find out
who I should talk to.
Do I need my own lawyer, or...
Catherine, you are
confessing to a crime.
Yes, you need a lawyer.
I will get you a good one.
Thank you.
And I-I'm sorry
that I keep dragging you
into my melodrama.
I did say I would do anything
to help.
To level the playing field,
not hurl yourself
over the bleachers.
Hey.
What are you doing?
It's just hard to breathe,
you know?
How much longer
to the hospital?
Just sit tight.
What was that? You hear that?
What is that?
What's that?!
EMS transfer requesting backup.
Detective Chandler?
Oh, Gloria,
thank you for meeting
on a weekend.
Well, it sounds
like an interesting case.
Can I get you a coffee?
Oh.
- I'll take one.
Gabe.
Just trying to even the
playing field. Hey, Gloria.
You don't have to.
It's the right thing to do.
It's my partner.
Just a second.
Hey.
What? Oh, my God.
Uh, can you change it
to the news?
- Sure.
- What's going on?
...manhunt is currently underway
in Manhattan
and surrounding boroughs
as the NYPD searches
for Vincent Keller...
Isn't that who we're meeting about?
We're going to have to postpone.
Keller was being held
on suspicion for the vicious...
I Thought you said JT
bandage the gem to it.
He Did.
Then how'd he rip open
the ambulance?
What was he even doing
in there? An ambulance?
He must have been hurt.
What if somebody saw something?
I'm with the DA's office.
I'm with him.
Why don't you go
into the ambulance,
see if you can any clues
to what happened
or where Vincent
might have gone?
I'll be right there.
Detective Flannery,
I told you, extenuating
circumstances.
He never should have been in that cell.
- Look who it is.
What did they do to him?
- They?
Your guards, the prisoners.
He never would have
tried to run unless
they had done something.
Your boyfriend instigated
a fight in jail. As far as
my guards, they were doing their
job until he attacked them.
I've got one with such a
bad head injury over there,
he's having hallucinations.
We got a statewide manhunt.
Wait. Hallucinations?
Who? Which guard?
The one in
the undamaged ambulance.
Excuse me.
- We'll be seeing you soon enough.
I just got a warrant
to search your place.
I searched the ambulance.
There's no sign
of the gem, but I
did find something.
That guard saw Vincent
as a beast.
I'm gonna go
do damage control,
but the press is gonna be
swarming this place, and you are
a DA. You're supposed
to be on the opposing side.
Okay, I'll head over to JT's,
see if Vincent went there.
I'll meet you there.
And the doors blew open,
he jumped out the side.
Sorry.
No interviews. He's a witness.
You're the...?
Visualization officer.
Detective Flannery
and I were speaking.
He said that you got
banged up pretty bad.
Oh, yeah, my
head. It was...
Yeah, well, sometimes
when that happens,
your brain starts visualizing
things that weren't
really there.
You know,
like hallucinations.
What you saw wasn't real.
- I guess...
He's not here.
- Meanwhile,
it's a Harrison Ford movie
over there.
The good news is, only one guard
saw him as a
beast, and I think
I put that genie back
in the bottle, so...
So, what about security
cameras? What about
flashing banners running
across every TV screen
shouting, "War Hero
Turned Murderer
Now Fugitive"?
- JT.
I just don't understand.
I tied that gem
to him so tight,
I thought he was
gonna lose circulation.
I think Vincent took
it off on purpose.
- What?
I tried to tell
you before.
I found something
in the ambulance.
That's his bandage.
It's torn apart.
It's like he wanted
to get rid of the gem
so he could beast out.
Detective Flannery
said that Vincent
instigated a fight in jail.
He probably did it
because he knew
they would transfer him
to a hospital; be easier
to break out of an ambulance
than out of a jail cell.
No way. Vincent said
he was ready
to face the consequences,
take the sentence.
That was before
I told him that
I was going to come forward
as a witness.
I'm sorry. You did what?
JT.
He was going to plead guilty.
I had to do something.
Fine, but-but don't
tell him about it!
JT!
- Stop JT-ing me!
She knows Vincent. You basically
told him you were going to lose
your job, face jail time,
all for him!
That was his whole impetus
for pleading guilty
in the first place!
I didn't know that he would
do something this crazy.
Okay, why don't we all
just get back
to clearing Vincent's name,
exposing Reynolds...
Clearing his name? I think we're
a little past Windsor's murder.
Maybe Tess is right.
You know, we can prove
that Vincent was falsely
accused, that he was set up,
and then he panicked,
and it triggered his PTSD.
Panicked? That's
his ticket to freedom?
What do you think, counselor?
You've been
pretty quiet over there.
How's that gonna
fly in a court of law?
I recuse myself.
- Smart move.
Especially since it's kind of
hard to defend someone
that can't take the stand
because they blurred away
to God knows where!
Just because
he bolted from prison
doesn't mean
that he bolted from us.
Yes, it does.
The whole reason
he did it was
to keep the heat
off of us, off of you.
No, he wouldn't just leave.
You think he's gonna
hang around now?
He's probably
laying low somewhere.
Really? Where?
Where are you going?
He's not gone.
So, you thinking
he might have left a clue here
about where he might
have gone, or...?
No.
I'm just wondering,
why are we here?
Especially since
it's my second time today.
You didn't
have to come.
Is this still about me
dropping you off a block away?
I only did that
so you weren't uncomfortable.
Me?
You were the one
who said it was just one night.
Because the first thing
out of your mouth
was, "Cat doesn't know, right?"
Oh, come on, we're all
a little vulnerable
post-hookup, but I'm here now.
But you know what?
I'm getting sick of
getting yelled at for trying.
Unbelievable. I probably just lost
my best friend
in the world,
and you're making it about...
What? Our non-relationship
that you told everyone about
without even asking me?
Whatever. Forget
I said anything.
I'll be in the car.
Well, he's not here.
Do you think
he's gone, too?
No, I think he's waiting till
it's safe to come find you.
Why are you
being so quiet?
Because I don't want
to seem like some vulture,
waiting to swoop in.
- Gabe, what?
You think he's doing this
to protect you?
I think he's afraid that
he can't handle time inside.
You also thought that he had
a heart in his fridge.
Well, maybe
I'm wrong,
maybe his motives
are pure,
but it doesn't feel
very protective, okay?
Here you are, searching
the city, worried sick,
and he is gonna show up
here, a fugitive,
and you're going to be
the one protecting him.
I would never
do that to you.
Now I really do sound
like a vulture.
Hey.
You know how,
when Muirfield
was after Vincent,
he had to be ready to run?
He kept a go bag,
filled with cash,
phones, passports.
Yeah, in the headstone.
We saw it this morning.
Yeah, well, it's gone, so...
So he's gone, too.
Yeah.
Looks like we
were both wrong.
♪ Your eyes,
they did flutter again ♪
♪ And my mouth,
it did hang wide ♪
♪ When you told me every little
thing's gonna be all right ♪
♪ But we were younger then
♪ And now we're not
♪ And if there was a plan made
♪ Then we forgot about it
♪ And if there was time
♪ Well, I could
figure it out now ♪
♪ But life is short
♪ And I don't care
for most of it ♪
♪ And I don't care for
most of it ♪
♪ Because you're all that I
♪ All that I want
Vincent?
♪ All that I want...
I knew you wouldn't just leave.
Catherine, I've come
to say good-bye.
♪ Because you're all that I
Good-bye?
Where are you going?
I don't know where exactly.
I just don't want you
to throw away your life, okay?
Oh, right, 'cause this is
all for me? No, thank you.
Come on...
- Vincent, it makes me
responsible for
this colossal mess.
I don't know
whether to kiss you
or throw you
off this roof.
I do.
- No.
I made the decision
to come forward
for a whole
slew of reasons,
and you don't get
to negate that.
Look, I turn myself in,
you go on the stand, you tell
everyone you were lying,
you could lose your job.
So you can
sacrifice for me,
but I can't
sacrifice for you?
- Yes, because
we don't even know
if that sacrifice
would be worth it
in the end, do we?
Look, let's say
your defense works.
Best-case scenario,
they throw me in some ward
and label me mentally unstable.
But most likely,
I will serve a sentence
for a very, very long time.
And I don't know
if I can handle that.
But you said you'd be okay.
You have the gem.
Catherine, that gem
is just a Band-Aid, okay?
It's not gonna protect
my humanity.
You could give up
everything for us,
and I could get
out of there worse
than the beast I was
when I killed Windsor.
Come on,
you know it's true.
That's why you were willing
to risk everything
to get me out of there.
No, I am risking everything
because I love you.
I'm sorry,
but I gotta say good-bye.
And ask you for
one last night
where we can love each other
as much as we do right now.
Fine.
You win.
Now give me your
burner phone.
How is that me winning?
Just give it to me.
I have to call JT.
Hello?
JT, he's here.
What?
Yeah.
I need security footage,
prints, financials,
all from
the boat.
We have until morning.
Got it.
Let's call it
a win-win.
You get your night,
and I am not
calling it
our last.
Wow, I never really realized
how many windows
you actually have.
Well, that was a big selling point,
lots of light.
But that was
before I met you.
I mean, we'd met, in
the woods, but, uh...
Where are
we going?
You realize my bedroom
has lots of windows, too.
Right.
This is where we're gonna
spend our not-last night?
Well, at least
it's intimate.
What if I
have to pee?
Well,
I won't look.
Or listen.
So, uh... what do
you want to do?
I could take a hot bath.
Drain's broken.
Okay, well,
how about some dinner?
Yeah, a dry
bathtub dinner
as some homage
to rooftop picnics...
- Look, Catherine,
I know you don't
want to accept
that tonight could
be our last night
as much as I do,
but it might, so...
So bring out
the tissues?
I have those
in here.
Hand me your phone.
I'm not gonna
call anybody.
Your phone.
Please?
Okay.
What are we gonna do?
Crank-call people?
Play Subway Surfers?
Shh...
♪ So, lately been wondering...
Our first dance.
Mm-hmm.
♪ Who will be there
♪ To take my place
when I'm gone? ♪
♪ You'll need love
♪ To light the shadows
on your face ♪
What are you doing?
Take your shoes off.
What?
Your shoes.
Okay.
We...
are gonna dance...
in your bathtub.
♪ If I could
♪ Then I would
♪ I'll go
♪ Wherever you will go
♪ Way up high or down low
It's so nice.
♪ Way up high
♪ Or down low
♪ I'll go wherever
♪ You will go
♪ If I could make
♪ You mine
♪ I'll go wherever you will go
♪ If I could turn back time
The door.
- The door's closed.
- No, somebody's at the front door.
- Coming!
Hey.
I was worried
it'd be too late.
Oh, no, I was just
washing off the day.
Would it help if I said
I think I found
who Reynolds paid off?
What?
Yeah, woke up the judge.
I got a subpoena.
About a week ago,
Reynolds transferred
$10,000 to an ex-convict
named Harry Salvo.
Figured we'd surprise him.
See what he has
to say for himself.
Oh, my God. Vincent?
He's here?
Yeah, I thought you knew.
I figured
that JT called you, and
that's why you were...
Hey.
Hey, good news.
Gabe found out
who framed you.
I heard, yeah, thank you.
You do know there are
cops downstairs, right?
- Yeah.
- But see?
This could fix this.
This Salvo guy could be
the thing that makes
this all go away.
Not all, but yeah.
Okay, just don't leave
until I come back.
I'm sorry I doubted you.
I mean, you found the guy,
you got the evidence.
One more thing and
it's a hat trick.
Just leveling
the playing field.
Okay, I realize I started
with a sports analogy,
but this isn't a game,
and you can't win me.
I can try.
This is it.
Mr. Salvo?
NYPD.
What are you guys talking about?
Harry Salvo, the guy you paid
to put that jar
in Vincent's houseboat.
- He's dead.
- So what happened?
You knew we'd get to him,
so you had him killed?
Now, wait a second,
I swear to God, I...
We have records
of the transaction.
Okay, yeah, I hired him,
but I didn't have him killed.
We're supposed to believe you?
Look, I don't know
what happened to Salvo,
but every TV in this prison
is showing footage
of Vincent's miraculous escape.
What are you saying?
I'm saying that
somebody saw it
and knows what he is.
And the fact that they got
to Salvo means it's
probably somebody on the inside.
Inside what? Like Muirfield?
They had clients
all around the world.
They were hired by governments.
I think he might be right.
You know that jail guard who saw
Vincent? I just got an alert.
He died
of a sudden heart attack.
A heart attack,
not an attack attack.
Hours after he was on the news,
saying he saw a beast?
This is why I don't want you
anywhere near Vincent.
Not just to protect you
from him,
but from whoever else
is after him.
And there's always going to be
someone.
I will be fine.
Lowan?
There's not much more
I can do from in here.
But you can.
You mean protect her?
I've been trying.
Well, you need to try harder.
You know, for once,
I think you might be right.
Someone else
is after you.
They killed
Reynolds' accomplice.
And I think they killed
the guard that-that saw you.
So we have to go. Now.
Stay away from the window.
Catherine,
you can't come with me.
I just got you back.
I'm not letting you go again.
Especially if I know
that people are after you.
People are always gonna be
after me, okay?
I will be fine.
Yeah, but I won't be.
Look, I keep I saying
that I need
to move forward,
but towards what?
You know,
maybe my moving forward
is coming with you.
Unless you don't want me
to come?
Of course I do.
Look, the whole time
I was in there,
they're trying to take my DNA,
all I could think about was you.
You stopped me
from losing myself.
Catherine, don't you get it?
You are my gem, okay?
I want to take you
everywhere with me, but...
No, it's too much to ask.
It's not your decision.
Where are we going?
Canada?
What?
Come on we gotta go.
Now!
Maybe we can get out
on the rooftop. Come on.
No.
What do you mean no?
I'm just gonna slow you down.
You won't slow me down.
Let's go.
Vincent, I can't come
with you now.
But you and I,
we will find each other.
We'll survive this.
You don't know that.
You have to leave
without me.
If you don't, they're gonna
catch you and they'll kill you.
And that is something
I can't survive.
Give me your cuffs.
Why, what for?
Sit. They can't know
you had anything
to do with this. Now, sit.
Sit or I won't leave, please.
You realize this is the third
time you've done this to me.
Fourth, actually.
I promise you I will
find you again, okay?
I know.
Police! Don't move!
Get on the ground!
Nobody move!
Where'd he go?
He left.
Bedroom's clear!
You okay?
No.
All clear!
Let's get you
out of these cuffs.
Hey.
I thought you said
I had till morning.
They found him.
Oh, my God.
He's safe.
But he had to, uh, blur away.
So, uh...
He's gone.
And he would've
said good-bye,
but, uh...
I hate good-byes anyway, so...
Yeah, me, too.
He's gonna be okay, JT.
And we're gonna be okay, too.
♪ Windmills
on the southern plain ♪
♪ Hum your name
♪ 49 palms
♪ Wait for more...
He's gone.
For real this time.
I'm so sorry.
Thing is I've been
preparing for this
for over a decade.
I mean, when he went
off to Afghanistan,
they told me he was dead.
So, I guess that's why I'm
doubly upset at myself
for taking my freak out
out on you.
Yeah, that wasn't okay.
I'm not done.
I'm sorry you thought
that I thought last night
was a one-night thing.
It never was.
Not for me.
Or me either.
But you didn't want
anyone else to know.
No, I didn't want
Cat to know.
You know, rub it in her face
that I could actually
be in a,
in a viable relationship,
non-relationship, whatever.
Hey.
We just had
our first fight.
Oh, geez.
- In my book, that makes this
a relationship.
Which I could really
use right now.
Do you want to go get a drink?
Like in public?
Sure.
Okay.
You're buying.
...being on the run
since fleeing a murder charge.
Keller was apparently being
transported in an ambulance
from the detention complex
to a hospital when he somehow
broke free of his restraints,
overpowered
his three guards and escaped
out the back of the ambulance.
♪ Give this up
♪ Sleep
♪ Alone
♪ Start all
♪ Over
Vincent?
♪ On going wild again
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org